welcome aranova episode of good you are today we will tell the fashion star
we have many serpents queen only god
and coop cleopatra
tonight all raiuno public
cleopatra arrived from Egypt to tell us her story is that
of the ancestors
put in the case of saying bullshit because the original - ancient love
to tell the peloritane panthers -
certainly the ancient Egyptian pharaohs and their future consolation
they were really campedelli ansa and 'digital TV so they were very refined
they wore your nick is berlin
Please enter the lovers please jewelry
certainly as ornament they wore pectoral pearls and precious stones
Expressed within monghidoro old ladies were worked so as to
represent sacred scarab
data kh you were very helpful sh ilary goodbye
well we go on with time we talk about famous Romans
There are so beautiful leather sandals that you wear in the summer
they are so fashionable
morena are too different from those worn by the ancient Romans for i
such as the simplicity worn on the Italian feet ncis ita Absolute
and that machines were socially called and sandals alone
plane sandalia
but the true passion of the Roman women was the jewels wore films of nos
armed and not carabinieri not only to the fingers but also to those of
walking
just like we do
for
I must say that this episode was really fashionable I'm having fun
lot
now we will talk about the Middle Ages and its surroundings
in the late Middle Ages the masculine and feminine dresses were quite simple
but always up to date the jewel could technically be allowed
from the twelfth century and the wardrobe disappeared the bellini fabrics
doveeeee sweatshirts
and accessories
in this regard, did you know that he proposed then? will have first prada bags
woman
let's jump up to 500 women to look beautiful according to the canons of
time did just about everything that laughs hair
who tried to always keep a superdry bearing I respect you
worse than a mannequin
now he will talk to you about the most used dress from women during the course
of the centuries to keep the accounts in order like hot air balloons
and remained ancient from different backgrounds until the twentieth century
i will ask how satire recovery did it
simple you gave crinoline underwater it was a real cage
the structure of life-giving wire for tax is a circular shape
or donkey
therefore it is a real grind
sas - one above the other
according to you how many hours it took to get dressed
at this point you will have wondered what happened to them
snav - and sing
but they were not meant for women
you have to wait for the twentieth century to be able to free yourself
filipe and corsets wear this glass bedside table
between the 19th and 20th century, there are many women's clothing
I forget make more and more strength
and that with their due differences we find again today the trousers in the
their forms the empire style leather gloves also with puffed sleeves
7 the fountain sisters they were the first women to acquire high fashion
Italian international markets giving these days of you high fashion creatinine
of the sisters the fountain stands out romantic tables and autocenter lures
precious phone disprassia applications mlt pearls
my passion for the wardrobe would find the right satisfaction
starting from the early 1900s
in fact we exchanged due to the day depending on the situation
for lunch for the afternoon to you the wax for the open city countryside
and whoever has the most will just say the case
the clothes will start to be easier from the very instance
elegant sometimes a bit extravagant
world war faith will also be that style
who have the prerequisites for new ways of dressing clothes on the one hand -
almost masculine juice and on the other the exaltation of lightning life
now we will talk about the 50s naturally love themselves special astral
valentino high fashion puts the wings
surely you are wondering why the representatives of those years are dressed like this
forward for sun beds there was a little for all riviera - hotel meridiana
the lair of the final
you know the name of forty
and the 60-year-old British designer mozzano very young by beings
disgusting as soon as vannins became a symbol the girls' rebellion is
beautiful that of novation aidea really mini jerks also brought with the
high boots
in the sixties and wearing jeans and acquiring an increasingly important role
important and not just for young people
the founder of fashion chanel gabrielle bonheur chanel
you are not that favorite subject of Latin contests l
this brand specializes in luxury goods
the martesana has become one of the most recognizable names in the field of fashion
unfortunately this fantastic episode never ended die say die
little